hey you hungry well food equals fuel for
every living being on earth but there
are creatures that can live much longer
or much shorter than we humans can
without any refueling so make yourself a
sandwich and let's take a look at them
giant anteater can go without food for
just one to three days but has to eat
about 30,000 insects per day despite its
name it also loves termites slurping
them up with its long tongue kangaroo
rat this small creature can go hungry
for up to four days but doesn't drink
water at all it gets liquid from food
giraffe can survive without food for up
to seven days giraffes tongue is so long
it can use it to clean its ears elephant
can go without food for up to seven days
elephants experience complex emotions
just like we humans do for example they
can feel happiness or sadness wolf can
go hungry for up to 10 days Wolf's
generally need no more than 7 pounds of
food per day to survive but they like to
get as full as possible so they can
gobble up to 20 pounds in one sitting
lion goes without food for up to 12 days
lion males are lazy hunters and let
their lionesses do all the job instead
[Music]
tiger up to 14 days without food is easy
for this massive deal on but when it
gets to feeding at last it can gorge
itself eating as much as 75 pounds of
food in a single sitting
rabbit although this furry little
creature needs as little as eight ounces
of food per day it can easily last
without food at all for longer than a
tiger about 15 days condor can hunt for
food without Ashley eating for 15 days
condors are some of the largest birds
out there and because of their huge
weight they need the help of strong
winds to stay in the air domestic cat
surprisingly can deal with hunger for 20
days if there's enough water for it to
drink just like humans cats need water
more than food horse much like cats
equines can go hungry for 20 days in a
row but then they need lots of fresh
grass to graze on about 15 to 20 pounds
of it to be precise amoeba
despite its microscopic size amoeba can
survive without feeding for three weeks
and its food our bacteria and other
microscopic creatures axolotl these
weird critters feel pretty happy without
food even for 21 days and only need a
couple of worms to stay this way for
another long period of time leopard
gecko its cold-blooded nature allows
gecko to stay content without eating for
a whole month then munch on several
large crickets and go in a diet again
[Music]
Komodo dragon these lizards are huge but
can go hungry for a month as well still
they usually eat as much as their own
weight in one sitting and then lie in
the Sun digesting cockroach
they say cockroaches will survive
anything and no wonder they can live
without food for up to 30 days and they
don't even need head for that domestic
dog it all depends on the size of the
dog of course but a large one can
survive for as long as 38 days without
any food it will need water though
spotted salamander although it's smaller
than a leopard gecko a salamander goes
even further when it comes to staying
hungry
40 days is a joke for this lizard camel
the ship of the desert as this proud
animal is often dug can easily deal with
40 days long hunger it stores water and
sustenance as fat in its humps and fills
them again in one go
[Music]
earthworm these crawlers have no eyes or
bones but they feel ok without food for
50 days in a row usually though they
need half their weight per day to feel
satiated human given enough water we can
go without food for about 2 months
now come on I can't even survive an hour
without checking out the fridge for a
snack Hedgehog this curly ball of
needles can survive for over two months
without sustenance and it doesn't only
eat fruit insects and even small rodents
are a large part of a hedgehogs diet
shark their toothy they're scary but
they only feed when necessary being able
to swim around hungry for 70 days and
they don't eat much 3 to 7 pounds per
day is usually enough for a shark to be
content just don't take the 7 pounds out
of me please Gila monster if you haven't
ever heard of it relax
neither of eye until recently it's
another lizard that can wave away food
for almost 3 months and only needs 30%
of its body mass eaten once per month
[Music]
bear while hibernating these animals can
sustain themselves on their own fat for
over 100 days but then they constantly
hunt for food eating about 90 pounds of
berries fish and meat per day emperor
penguin females lay their eggs and leave
father's to stay with them while
traveling over 50 miles across the ice
all this time about 4 months neither of
them eat anything at all
blue whale the largest animal that ever
lived
yes it's bigger than both t-rex and
Megalodon shark can go hungry for up to
five months yet it normally gobbles up
around 8,000 pounds of krill badger
small as it is a humble badger lies
hibernating just like bears do this way
it can survive without food for almost
half a year and then eats just a dozen
mice to feel full Python snakes are
cold-blooded like lizards which helps
them feed more rarely and pythons also
have peculiar feeding habits they
swallow one big animal and then digest
it for a while Galapagos tortoise the
biggest and oldest tortoises in the
world have very slow metabolism allowing
them to stay hungry for over a year they
can live over a hundred years though so
it's just a moment for them
scorpion just a couple of large crickets
once a week and a scorpion is pretty
happy if no food is available well you
can survive for a year no problem
spider slowly luring prey into its web a
spider can tolerate hunger for a year
and then gorge when the meal is ready
salmon for a fish so big it eats
surprisingly little just two to three
ounces per day and if necessary it can
easily fast for over a year
frog some species of these leaping
amphibians can deal with a
year-and-a-half fasting like it's
nothing they don't like staying hungry
though tick two years without any food
is absolutely okay for this tiny
creature it lies and wait until an
animal comes close then jumps on it and
finally eats as long and as much as it
likes crocodile the largest and most
ancient reptiles in the world coexisted
with Dinosaurs
and that's probably thanks to how long
they can survive without food up to
three years
[Music]
lungfish a fish that has lungs is weird
enough but a fish that can stay hungry
for over four years is even more so
imagine seeing a fish going out to the
shore to bask in the Sun Trago derma
sounds like a new soap but no larvae of
these insects can sleep without eating
for over five years while adult critters
only live for five to ten days at most
all these strange creatures are
sometimes called human fish because of
their pink skin and tiny hands they only
live deep in underwater caves and can
stay without food for ten years at a
time
tardigrade cockroaches
tardigrades can survive the most extreme
conditions on the planet and live
happily without food or water for thirty
years Wow how's that for survival skills
[Music]